this fun little envelope is made from a
heart perfect for Valentine's Day or
just done I love you note anytime this
is a very large heart made out of a
piece of wrapping paper we're going to
start by finding the bottom corner and
the center where the two arcs come
together I'm going to mark that gently
with my fingernail we need to know where
the middle is then about a third of the
way not quite a third of the way from
here to here is 8 inches we're going to
work at about two and a half inches here
I'm going to fold up bottom corner and
watch for that guideline
and crease this down
I'm using a scrap piece of cardstock cut
with a 45 degree angle I've lined the
corner of the card stock up with the
corner of this fold then I'm going to
pull the arc over the card stock and
crease it take the cardstock out turn
your envelope
tuck it back in line it up and pull the
other side of the heart in
now I'm going to turn the whole thing
upside down the corner is going to
become the flap of the envelope I'm
going to lift it up and draw the bottom
which was the top up to meet the crease
and press it down
and there's our level you can put a note
in here or you can write right inside of
your heart and give it as a gift to hold
it shut a sticker is a good idea right
here this works with any sized heart I
cut this heart with my spell binders die
the largest one in the heart set it
folds up exactly the same way
and Fastnet a little sticker